I will see home heard.
A powerful dance was grand.
Human people were bracket pieces of hair with thorns.
The day we.</
The day we moved into the new home.
Would Odo not know his name, he lived on the way,
his father used to a cleaner of all people asミ useful
he even found ahow to make chain offensive
One million million insgesamt
will be scattered music
Certainly your mind is this one,
and the mark is the second.
I see that with what I am
Falling onto it, I'll kill herDP
with this only sword
Let my knife
Seeing it, I thought there...
Oh, trouble...
Behind the blade of my saber was my father.
Now the food, of theh leaves of becomes acho.
with arms entwined by the thorn in the spear.
We pray to emails that areыс the
Thank you for watching!